Revise contributing.md (#1143)
strapi/documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

✋ Sign the CLA (Contributor License Agreement), directly via GitHub (see [our dedicated blog post](https://strapi.io/blog/switching-from-dco-to-cla) for more information).

### Review and management of pull requests

The pull request review process and timeline are based on the availability of Strapi's Documentation team to handle community contributions. The workflow is:

1. The pull request is assigned to a member of the Documentation team.
2. At least 1 member of the Documentation team will review the pull request for:

- accuracy,
- quality,
- alignment with the documentation scope and roadmap.

3. Reviewers will either approve, ask for changes, or reject the pull request.

> 4. Accepted pull requests will be merged and deployed as part of the regular documentation deployments on Wednesdays, but not every week.

Reviewer: I'd say we now have a stable schedule: patch release every 2 weeks in sync with product releases. So we could probably update the sentence:
```suggestion
4. Accepted pull requests will be merged and deployed as part of the regular documentation deployments on Wednesdays every 2 weeks.
```

Author: Thanks Pierre, that is a great suggestion and it reads better too.
